A number of different tests have been written to test the implementation of strings as 
described in steps 10 and 11 of the Phase 3 project handout.

To start, basic string assignment is tested and shows the correct order of postfix
t-tokens is being output when a string is assigned to a variable of type string.
Moreover, as expected no type mismatch or other errors occur duing assignment of a 
string. This functionality is observed in new_basic_string_assignmnet_pass.pt

Following this, the const string assignment was tested which produced the same t
token stream as the above assignment as expected.

Next, the binary length operator was tested in new_string_length_pass.pt where the 
postfix t-tokens specified above for a sStringLiteral input were output, followed by
a tLength operator as expected. The length operator was also tested on an integer type
operand where an error was thrown as expected.

String concatenation was tested in new_concat_string_pass.pt where it was observed to 
output the two correct postfix t-token steams for the associated operand strings, followed
by a tConcatenate token, as expected. The string concat operator was also tested with 
an interer type operand which resulted in an error as expected. Finally the operator '+'
was also tested with two integer operands to be sure the addition still functioned properly.

The repeat operator '*' was tested and produced the t-tokens associated with input string 
followed by the integer operand t-token, and then a tRepeatString token, as expected.
The operator was also tested with two integers to be sure that multiplication still functioned
as expected.

The equality and not-equality expressions were also tested which produced tStringEqual and
tStringEqual followed by tNot respectivly. These operations were also tested between string
and integer pairs of operands where they failed as expected. Furthermore integer-integer
operand pairs were tested which still function as expected.

The set of operators '<', '>', '<=', '>=' were all tested with string operands and all tests
with one or two string operands failed as expeced. Only integer-integer operand pairs passed
as expected. 
